DITAfication of Provisioning hosts (#4515)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-image-based-hosts-on-amazon-ec2-by-using-web-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="creating-image-based-hosts-on-amazon-ec2-by-using-web-ui"]
= Creating image-based hosts on Amazon EC2 by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]

> The Amazon EC2 provisioning process creates hosts from existing images on the Amazon EC2 server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can perform image-based host provisioning on Amazon EC2 through {Project}.
```

Same would apply to CLI.
I dont' quite imagine that the whole AWS cloud is a single server.
